c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\AppFogWP7.dll
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\AppFogWP7.pdb
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\AppFogWP7.xap
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\AppFogWP7.g.resources
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\AppFogWP7.dll
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\AppFogWP7.pdb
c:\users\administrator.win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\Users\Administrator.WIN7\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Administrator.WIN7\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.WIN7\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\AsyncCtpLibrary_Phone.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.WIN7\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AppFogWP7\AppFogWP7\Bin\Debug\AsyncCtpLibrary_Phone.xml
